BZ2106748: Add a note regarding x509 certificate validation error (#55091)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-injecting-custom-ca.adoc

<4> `ca-bundle.crt` is required as the config map key.
<5> `tls-ca-bundle.pem` is required as the config map path.
<6> Create a `trusted-ca` volume mount.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If an Operator pod fails with the x509 certificate validation error, set the  `mountPath` as `/etc/ssl/certs`.

Reviewer: Not all x509 errors can be fixed by this operation.

Author: @jianzhangbjz Can we add any additional information or can we rearrange the sentence to something like - 
`You can avoid some x509 certificate validation errors by setting the `mountPath` as `/etc/ssl/certs`. ?

> Sometimes deployment of an Operator fails to validate the authority and throws the `x509 certificate signed by unknown authority` error, even after injecting a custom CA by using the subscription of an Operator. In this case, it is recommended to inject the entire CA chain. If the deployment of a Operator still fails then you can set the `mountPath` as `/etc/ssl/certs` for trusted-ca by using the subscription of an Operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deployments of an Operator can fail to validate the authority and display a `x509 certificate signed by unknown authority` error. This error can occur even after injecting a custom CA when using the subscription of an Operator. In this case, it is recommended to inject the entire CA chain. If the deployment of a Operator still fails, then you can set the `mountPath` as `/etc/ssl/certs` for trusted-ca by using the subscription of an Operator.
```

Author: Addressed

> Sometimes deployment of an Operator fails to validate the authority and throws the `x509 certificate signed by unknown authority` error, even after injecting a custom CA by using the subscription of an Operator. In this case, it is recommended to inject the entire CA chain. If the deployment of a Operator still fails then you can set the `mountPath` as `/etc/ssl/certs` for trusted-ca by using the subscription of an Operator.

Reviewer 2: `In this case, it is recommended to inject the entire CA chain.`
I'm not sure on the context, but it seems like this sentence needs a prepositional phrase at the end. Like `it is recommended to inject the entire CA chain to the Operator`, or something with the correct term.

Author: I confirmed with the bug reporter, we can exclude the whole sentence. 

Addressed

Author: Addressed
